[Browser Rendering] quick actions API (#20221)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/browser-rendering/quick-actions-rest-api/screenshot-endpoint.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Screenshot API
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

This endpoint renders the webpage by processing its HTML and JavaScript, then captures a screenshot of the fully rendered page.

## Basic usage

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "html": "Hello World!",
    "screenshotOptions": {
      "type": "webp",
      "omitBackground": true
    }
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.webp"
```

## Advanced usage

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://example.com/",

>     "html": "<html><body><h1>Advanced Screenshot</h1></body></html>",

Reviewer: Remove "html" and change "url" to "https://cloudflare.com" so the advanced options make more sense.
Also explain the less obvious options:
"waitUntil": "networkIdle0" means the browser will waits until there are no more than 0 network connections for at least `500`ms.
"timeout" is the maximum wait time in milliseconds.
See https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.waitforoptions

      { "content": "document.querySelector(`h1`).innerText = `Hello World!!!`" }
    ],
    "addStyleTag": [
      {
        "content": "body { background: linear-gradient(45deg, #da5a44, #a32784); }"
      },
      {
        "url": "https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/live-examples/css-examples/text-decoration/text-decoration-color.css"
      }
    ]
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.webp"
```

## Parameters

- `url` _(string)_ - The webpage URL to take a screenshot of.
- `html` _(string)_ - Instead of a URL, allows rendering custom HTML for the screenshot.
- `screenshotOptions` _(object)_ - Configures the screenshot format and quality.
  - `omitBackground` _(boolean)_ - Removes the default white background when taking a screenshot.
- `viewport` _(object)_ - Sets the browser viewport dimensions for rendering.
  - `width` _(number)_ - Viewport width in pixels.
  - `height` _(number)_ - Viewport height in pixels.
- `gotoOptions` _(object)_ - Configures how and when the page is considered fully loaded.
  - `waitUntil` _(string)_ - Defines when the browser considers navigation complete (`networkidle0`, `domcontentloaded`).

>     - `networkidle0` - Waits until there are no more than 0 network connections for at least 500ms before taking a screenshot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `networkidle0` - Waits until there are no more than 0 network connections for at least 500 ms before taking a screenshot.
```

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Screenshot API
sidebar:
  order: 3
---

> This endpoint renders the webpage by processing its HTML and JavaScript, then captures a screenshot of the fully rendered page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/screenshot` endpoint renders the webpage by processing its HTML and JavaScript, then captures a screenshot of the fully rendered page.
```

> ## Basic usage

Reviewer: Something like this? "The `html` option sets the content of the page to `Hello World!`"?

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "html": "Hello World!",
    "screenshotOptions": {
      "type": "webp",
      "omitBackground": true
    }
  }' \
  --output "screenshot.webp"
```

## Advanced usage

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<accountId>/browser-rendering/screenshot' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <apiToken>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "url": "https://cloudflare.com/",
    "screenshotOptions": {

>       "type": "webp",

Reviewer: Remove `type` and `quality`, we dont support `type` for now.
